# Apache License, Version 2.0 (Modified)

Copyright [2026] [Omar Azmi]

This project is licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0, with additional terms and restrictions.
You may not use or view any file under this project except in compliance with this license.
You may obtain a copy of the Apache License Version 2.0 at:

> http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

## Additional Terms and Restrictions

Redistribution and use of this project, or any artifacts generated by it, in source or binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions, and the disclaimer that follows.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions, and the disclaimer that follows, in its documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

3. Neither the name of the copyright holder nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

4. The software may be used in open source and closed source projects.
   If used in a closed source project, the project must provide attribution to this software.

5. Distributions of this software or its specifications in any form must not be used in the development, training, or operation of an Artificial Intelligence system.

6. The software or its derivatives must not be used in any form of crawling or caching that is not directly related to code archiving.

7. No portion of this software or its specifications may be copied or used in another codebase without proper attribution to the original work.

8. Derivative works that directly compete with the original software are not permitted.
   Major enhancements or modifications should ideally be contributed back to the original software's development.
   This is to prevent the intent of diverting existing or potential users away from the original work.

9. Redistribution for the sole purpose of competing with the original software is not permitted.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
