todo.md, before:

# TODO

## pre-version `0.11.0` todo list

- [ ] rethink the `eightpack` submodule to better suit your ffi needs.

## pre-version `0.10.0` todo list

- [ ] create the "docs/improve-4" branch for fixing the remaining docs and tests in `collections.ts`.
- [x] add your "AWS Signature Version 4" computation algorithm to `cryptoman.ts`.
      for that, you will also have to create aliases for `Crypto.subtle`.
      but the tradeoff it has is that `Crypto.subtle` is only available in "https" (secure) website contexts, and standalone js runtimes (deno, cloudflare workers, node, bun, etc...)
- [x] add `x25519` key generation functions to `cryptoman.ts` for wireguard.
- [ ] add a mini server-router that is compatible with deno, without actually depending on deno.
- [ ] add the [`txiki.js`](https://github.com/saghul/txiki.js) javascript runtime to your list of supported runtimes in the `crossenv.ts` submodule.
      use the `tjs` global variable to identify this runtime (or use `isString(tjs?.version)` to be more certain).
- [ ] add `promiseman` submodule that specializes in promise based utility functions.
  - consider creating a subclass of `Promise`s, which will expose a `fulfilled: boolean` member flag,
    that will indicate whether or not the promise has been fulfilled without waiting for it.
- [ ] migrate the following functions and objects to the `timeman`, `alias`, and `promiseman` submodules, as you see fit:
  - `promiseTimeout`, `debounce`, `debounceAndShare`, `throttle`, `throttleAndTrail`, `THROTTLE_REJECT`, `TIMEOUT`, `ChainedPromiseQueue`.
- [ ] migrate data uri manipilation/parsing features in the `image` submodule to the `pathman` submodule.
- [ ] consider migrating `Map` related data-structures inside of `collections.ts` to a new submodule `map.ts` (though I don't like the fact there already exists `mapper.ts`).
- [ ] consider migrating memorize functions from `lambda.ts` to its own submodule `memorize.ts`.
- [ ] add the on-the-fly typescript-serving local server task to `/deno.json`, once you have it implemented in `@oazmi/build-tools`.
- [ ] add a cross-runtime compatible test library that mimics `Deno.test` (without any dependency on it),
      and that can even be used for polyfilling it (via an injection function).
- [ ] in `crosenv.ts`, export the `ordered_runtime_checklist` array, in case someone wants to re-order it,
      or even make additions to it based on their custom-runtime requirements.

## pre-version `0.9.0` todo list

- [x] create the "docs/improve-1" branch for changes related to documentation and minification repair of `builtin_aliases_deps.ts`.
- [x] create the "docs/improve-2" branch for major improvements related to documentation repair/upgrade.
- [x] create the "docs/improve-3" branch for all changes related to documentation repair/upgrade.
- [x] rename the following submodules (and also take care of potential doc link breakdown when using `!module_name`):
  - [x] ~~`builtin_aliases` -> `aliases`~~
    - [x] ended up deleting this submodule
  - [x] `builtin_aliases_deps` -> `alias`
  - [x] `crypto` -> `cryptoman` ? unsure about this one
  - [x] `path` -> `pathman`
- [x] fix the doc examples so that they do not error when `deno test --doc "./src/"` is ran.
- [x] populate the doc examples with legitimate test cases using `"jsr:@std/assert"` for assertion.
- [x] fix the `slice` and `splice` (and maybe there are other methods as well) method issue with your custom subclasses of `Array`, `Map`, and `Set`,
      which result in the creation of a new subclass when these methods are called, instead of creating a classic `Array`, `Map`, or `Set`.
  - ~~potential solution involves the creation of a utility function that does `slice` and `splice` on `Array` subclasses without invoking their `slice` or `splice` methods.~~
  - the correct solution involves setting the subclass's `Symbol.species` property to the base built-in type (`Array`, `Map`, etc...), so that the methods that create clones of the subclass create the equivalent base built-in type, instead of a new instance of our subclass.
- [x] put your DIY deno mascot somewhere in the repo's readme, and make sure that the svg is uploaded to jsr and npm
- [ ] DUMB IDEA: make "megaman robot master" like ascii-art mascots for each of your submodule ending with a "man" (i.e. "cryptoman", "pathman", "stringman", etc...), and put them in your module-level comment.
- [x] in "pathman.ts", rename references to "unix" and "unix-style" with "posix". can't believe you swapped posix for unix _facepalm_.
- [x] in "pathman.ts", make all doc tests more readable by using single letter directory names.
- [x] in "binder.ts", give a doc comment to each exported binding function, just so that it'll raise your jsr score.
  - [x] my doc comments were not parsed, unfortunately. I may have to try a different format to ensure that they get parsed.
        possible contenders are:
    - [x] use the following style for each declaration:
    ```ts
    /** binding function for `class_proto.fnName1`. */
    export const binderFnName1 = /*@__PURE__*/ bindMethodFactoryByName(class_proto, "fnName1")
    /** binding function for `class_proto.fnName2`. */
    export const binderFnName2 = /*@__PURE__*/ bindMethodFactoryByName(class_proto, "fnName2")
    ```
    - [x] ~~the removal of the `/*@__PURE__*/` declaration may also be a solution (albeit non-negotiable)~~
    ```ts
    export const
    	/** binding function for `class_proto.fnName1`. */
    	binderFnName1 = bindMethodFactoryByName(class_proto, "fnName1"),
    	/** binding function for `class_proto.fnName2`. */
    	binderFnName2 = bindMethodFactoryByName(class_proto, "fnName2")
    ```
- [x] in "alias.ts" ~~and "builtin_alias.ts"~~, give a doc comment to each exported alias function, just so that it'll raise your jsr score.
- [x] port over your `detectReadableStreamType` function from [`@oazmi/build-tools/deps`](https://github.com/omar-azmi/build_tools_ts) to this library.
- [x] erase the todo list from `/src/deps.ts`
- [x] in `pathman`, make `uri_protocol_and_scheme_mapping` exportable, so that the end user may add additional uri schemes of their liking.
- [x] add a description to each `task` in `/deno.json`.

Commit message:

- add `/src/network/`, which will contain network related submodules.   - add `./conn.ts`, which defines a minimal abstract interface which net-connections must implement to be compatible with the functions and classes of my network library. - in `/deno.json`, add global type definitions for `txiki.js` (`npm:@txikijs/types`), and unstable deno features (`deno.unstable`).   - the type definitions for `txiki.js` are needed for the `crossenv` submodule, as I hope to add support for it, since the idea of using `quickjs` to generate small executable binaries from javascript is too alluring.   - the type definitions for `deno.unstable` are needed to add typing support for udp-connections (`Deno.DatagramConn` , etc...).     I think deno has had experimental udp support since 2020, but they haven't moved it past the experimental feature phase;     which is such a shame.     I feel like it's because they would need to add it to deno deploy if they were to mark it as a regular feature, which I doubt will ever happen. - in `/todo.md`, add additional tasks related to the new networking submodules, and re-order some tasks, as I hope to release `v0.10.0` sooner, and push away all of the undone tasks for the following minor release.

todo.md, after:

# TODO

## pre-version `0.11.0` todo list

- [ ] rethink the `eightpack` submodule to better suit your ffi needs.

## pre-version `0.10.0` todo list

- [ ] create the "docs/improve-4" branch for fixing the remaining docs and tests in `collections.ts`.
- [ ] add `promiseman` submodule that specializes in promise based utility functions.
  - consider creating a subclass of `Promise`s, which will expose a `fulfilled: boolean` member flag,
    that will indicate whether or not the promise has been fulfilled without waiting for it.
- [ ] migrate the following functions and objects to the `timeman`, `alias`, and `promiseman` submodules, as you see fit:
  - `promiseTimeout`, `debounce`, `debounceAndShare`, `throttle`, `throttleAndTrail`, `THROTTLE_REJECT`, `TIMEOUT`, `ChainedPromiseQueue`.
- [ ] migrate data uri manipilation/parsing features in the `image` submodule to the `pathman` submodule.
- [ ] consider migrating `Map` related data-structures inside of `collections.ts` to a new submodule `map.ts` (though I don't like the fact there already exists `mapper.ts`).
- [ ] consider migrating memorize functions from `lambda.ts` to its own submodule `memorize.ts`.
- [ ] add the on-the-fly typescript-serving local server task to `/deno.json`, once you have it implemented in `@oazmi/build-tools`.
- [ ] add a cross-runtime compatible test library that mimics `Deno.test` (without any dependency on it),
      and that can even be used for polyfilling it (via an injection function)
      (NOTE: I wrote the code in a local folder somewhere; so I'll need to recall/dig for it,
      in addition to adding improvements and deno-doc tests to it).
- [ ] in `crosenv.ts`, export the `ordered_runtime_checklist` array, in case someone wants to re-order it,
      or even make additions to it based on their custom-runtime requirements.
- [ ] add the [`txiki.js`](https://github.com/saghul/txiki.js) javascript runtime to your list of supported runtimes in the `crossenv.ts` submodule.
      use the `tjs` global variable to identify this runtime (or use `isString(tjs?.version)` to be more certain).
- [x] add your "AWS Signature Version 4" computation algorithm to `cryptoman.ts`.
      for that, you will also have to create aliases for `Crypto.subtle`.
      but the tradeoff it has is that `Crypto.subtle` is only available in "https" (secure) website contexts, and standalone js runtimes (deno, cloudflare workers, node, bun, etc...)
- [x] add `x25519` key generation functions to `cryptoman.ts` for wireguard.
- [ ] write a cross-runtime network wrapper over tcp and udp network connection primitives.
- [ ] copy over your custom http-client (over tcp) code from the hole-punching repo.
- [ ] copy your server-router code from the _old_ hole-punching repo,
      but also generalize it so that it works on top of your definition of `NetConn`,
      rather than Deno's definition of `NetConn`.
- [ ] in the http-network library, also add your utility http-header manipulation and parsing functions.

## pre-version `0.9.0` todo list

- [x] create the "docs/improve-1" branch for changes related to documentation and minification repair of `builtin_aliases_deps.ts`.
- [x] create the "docs/improve-2" branch for major improvements related to documentation repair/upgrade.
- [x] create the "docs/improve-3" branch for all changes related to documentation repair/upgrade.
- [x] rename the following submodules (and also take care of potential doc link breakdown when using `!module_name`):
  - [x] ~~`builtin_aliases` -> `aliases`~~
    - [x] ended up deleting this submodule
  - [x] `builtin_aliases_deps` -> `alias`
  - [x] `crypto` -> `cryptoman` ? unsure about this one
  - [x] `path` -> `pathman`
- [x] fix the doc examples so that they do not error when `deno test --doc "./src/"` is ran.
- [x] populate the doc examples with legitimate test cases using `"jsr:@std/assert"` for assertion.
- [x] fix the `slice` and `splice` (and maybe there are other methods as well) method issue with your custom subclasses of `Array`, `Map`, and `Set`,
      which result in the creation of a new subclass when these methods are called, instead of creating a classic `Array`, `Map`, or `Set`.
  - ~~potential solution involves the creation of a utility function that does `slice` and `splice` on `Array` subclasses without invoking their `slice` or `splice` methods.~~
  - the correct solution involves setting the subclass's `Symbol.species` property to the base built-in type (`Array`, `Map`, etc...), so that the methods that create clones of the subclass create the equivalent base built-in type, instead of a new instance of our subclass.
- [x] put your DIY deno mascot somewhere in the repo's readme, and make sure that the svg is uploaded to jsr and npm
- [ ] DUMB IDEA: make "megaman robot master" like ascii-art mascots for each of your submodule ending with a "man" (i.e. "cryptoman", "pathman", "stringman", etc...), and put them in your module-level comment.
- [x] in "pathman.ts", rename references to "unix" and "unix-style" with "posix". can't believe you swapped posix for unix _facepalm_.
- [x] in "pathman.ts", make all doc tests more readable by using single letter directory names.
- [x] in "binder.ts", give a doc comment to each exported binding function, just so that it'll raise your jsr score.
  - [x] my doc comments were not parsed, unfortunately. I may have to try a different format to ensure that they get parsed.
        possible contenders are:
    - [x] use the following style for each declaration:
    ```ts
    /** binding function for `class_proto.fnName1`. */
    export const binderFnName1 = /*@__PURE__*/ bindMethodFactoryByName(class_proto, "fnName1")
    /** binding function for `class_proto.fnName2`. */
    export const binderFnName2 = /*@__PURE__*/ bindMethodFactoryByName(class_proto, "fnName2")
    ```
    - [x] ~~the removal of the `/*@__PURE__*/` declaration may also be a solution (albeit non-negotiable)~~
    ```ts
    export const
    	/** binding function for `class_proto.fnName1`. */
    	binderFnName1 = bindMethodFactoryByName(class_proto, "fnName1"),
    	/** binding function for `class_proto.fnName2`. */
    	binderFnName2 = bindMethodFactoryByName(class_proto, "fnName2")
    ```
- [x] in "alias.ts" ~~and "builtin_alias.ts"~~, give a doc comment to each exported alias function, just so that it'll raise your jsr score.
- [x] port over your `detectReadableStreamType` function from [`@oazmi/build-tools/deps`](https://github.com/omar-azmi/build_tools_ts) to this library.
- [x] erase the todo list from `/src/deps.ts`
- [x] in `pathman`, make `uri_protocol_and_scheme_mapping` exportable, so that the end user may add additional uri schemes of their liking.
- [x] add a description to each `task` in `/deno.json`.
